Good Afternoon sir
first  of all thank you for given this opportunity
This is Anusha
i am form kakinada
my father name is bheema raju and he is working as lorry machinic
my mother name is sita mahalakshimi and she is house wife
and have one elder brother and one elder sister my sister name is madhavi devi and she working as a jl in sri chithya 
i pursing b-tech 4th acoe in streem of computer science and engineering i achived certificiation in wed techlogices and python and have done project in cybersecurty malaware analayis strenth is confined and hardwork and possible attitude
 
 
Good morring sir
first of all thank you for given this opportunity
it my pleasure to introduce myself
my name is illa anusha
i am form kakinada
i have completed my graduation in stream of computer science and engineering from aditya college of engineering with 7.59cgpa and i acheived certificiation course like wed techlogies and python ,devops and i have done my academic project like cybersecurity on base of malaware analaysis and Home automation by using iot and devops ci/cd and i belong to nuclear family we are 5 members and my great strenth is confined and hardwork and positive attitude and my short trem goal is to get a job in reputed organization like yours and my long-term goal is i want to see myself in a high position with knowledge and more skills 
 
1 how do you see yourself 5 year from now
==>in five years i see myself as an integral part of the company who has helped contribute to the growth and success of the organization

2 why are you interested in this job
===> its an honor and a privilege to work for an established company like your as i researched the job opening you have i realized that my abilities align with your requirements through this job i can showcase my technical skils to help the companys development.
 
3 would you like to work overtime or odd hours
==>
i understand that putting extra effort impacts the companys development so i am happy if it means i'm contributing to the company i will be glad to contribute

4 how do you handle stree and pressure and anxiety
==>i usually utilize my soft skills and handle every situation calmly. i also relaxing activities like meditation and lisin music.

5 tell me about a time when you experienced difficulty at work while working on a project

6 why do you want to work at our company

7 how long would you expect to work for us if hired
-->As a young graduate it has been always my dream to be a part of your company. So if I am selected, it will be my pleasure and I assure that I can give you my best. And if you recognize my work and potential, I will be there with you always as long as you want me to stay in this company.
8 what are outside interests





















@@@@@@@->I have done POC on CICD Project DevOps (Git, Github, Jenkins, Maven, AWS:
*When the developer develops and tests the code in the local repository then push code into the remote repository through sonar code.
*The sonar code will review the code based on developer metrics if any duplicate files are there then it retrieves back to the local repository.
*After pushing the code to the remote repository. Integrate remote repository to Jenkins.
*Jenkins will convert raw code into structure code by creating jobs.
*Maven will convert structure code into Archive files (war. file, jar. file).
*Maven will deploy the code into the application cloud server. 
